Python	
1	"Welcome to your first Repl.it assignment!

For your first assignment, write your name inside of the quotation marks.

To review your code, click on the run button on top of the white container.

You will be able to see your displayed output under the white container.

Example
John

Once your done, submit your code by click on the green submit button on the top right corner. "
2	"Fix the program by filling in the blanks to print ""Hello, World!""

Don't forget to submit this program once you've finished."
3	"Write a program that prints out the following in it's specified format:

Old MACDONALD had a farm
E-I-E-I-O
And on his farm he had a cow
E-I-E-I-O
With a moo moo here
And a moo moo there
Here a moo, there a moo
Everywhere a moo moo
Old MacDonald had a farm
E-I-E-I-O

Hint
Print out one print statement for one line
print(""first line"")
print(""second line"")"
4	"Comments are useful to help programmer like your understand your code better.

Write a simple comment for this program.

#This is an example of a comment"
5	"When you run the program, you will get an error saying that your program has a SyntaxError on line 1.

To solve the error, surround the comments with a multi line strings on line 1 and line 4.


Example:

""""""
The quick
brown fox
jumps over
the lazy dog
"""""""
6	"Create a variable called ""language"" and assign it the value ""Python""
 
Write a program that displays the variable"
7	"Create a variable called num1, num2, num3, num4, num5 and assign it to only even numbers. (Use any even number)

Write a program that will print out the variables.

Output Example:
num1 = 2
num2 = 4
num3 = 6
num4 = 8
num5 = 10"
8	Write a program that prints out the sum of 340 + 5, using two variables: num1 and num2.
9	"Write a program prints out what kind of numerical type the following are:

300
""dog""
3.5
""f""
True

We have written down one example for you on Line 1.

Sample output
sunshine
<class 'string'>"
10	"Write a program that rounds off 23.62395483 to only 3 decimals.
Use x as a variable."
11	"Instructions: 

Write a program that checks the data type of var =""14.74"""
12	"Instructions:

Write a program that prints out the following string:

""Daddy, George is too little to play piggy in the Middle."" said Peppa.
""Oh, I'm sure he's big enough."" said Daddy Pig.
""No, he isn't, Daddy. Watch!"" said Peppa."
13	"Write a program that prints out ""Hello, World!"" by printing out the following variables:

string1 = ""Hello""
string2 = "", World!""

Output:
Hello, World!"
14	"Instructions: Write a program that outputs True when the word ""Tarter"" is in ""Sauce"" using the in operator.

Output:
False"
15	"Instructions: Write a program that takes two string inputs from the user and check if the two strings are the same words.

Output:

Enter first word: corn
Enter second word: corn
True"
16	"Instructions:

Write a program that asks a user to enter a username and check if the username's string has digits.
Use user as your variable.

Output:

Enter username: Example123

Username is all digits: True"
17	"Instructions:

The legal age to drive is 18. Write a program that takes an integer input from the user and check if the input age is greater or equal to legal age.

If age is less than legal age to drive, the output will be False.
If age is greater than or equal to legal age to drive, the output will be True.

Expected Output:

Enter an age: 15
Age is greater than legal age to drive: False

Enter an age: 19
Age is greater than legal age to drive: True"
18	"Write a program that concerts tablespoons to teaspoons:

1 tablespoon = 3 teaspoons

Output:
Enter number of tablespoon = 8
Number of teaspoons = 24 teaspoons"
19	"Instructions:

Write a program that prints out the square root of 825 using the math module.

Remember to import math before calculating for the square root.

Expected Output:
Square root of 825: 28.722813232690143"
20	"Instructions:

Write a program that prints out the cosine of -97.

Output:

Cosine of -97: -0.9251475365964139"
21	"Instructions:

Write a program that takes the input of two numbers and prints out the greater number.

Output:
Enter first number: 4
Enter second number: 7

7 is greater than 4"
22	"Instructions:

A tea shop will give a 15% discount if the user purchased a total price greater than $500.

Write a program that asks the user for total price and compute discount if total price is greater than 500.

Expected Output: 

Example #1
Enter total price: 560
The total price is: 476

Example #2
Enter total price: 246
The total price is: 245"
23	"Instructions:

An employer will promote a junior programmer to a senior programmer if the junior programmer has worked in the company for 6 or more years. 

Output:
Enter years of service: 7
Employee can be promoted to Senior Programmer.

If the employee has less than 6 years, out then number of years he needs to get promoted:
Enter years of service: 2
Employee needs 4 more years of service before promotion.
Instructions:

An employer will promote a junior programmer to a senior programmer if the junior programmer has worked in the company for 6 or more years. 

Output:
Enter years of service: 7
Employee can be promoted to Senior Programmer.

If the employee has less than 6 years, out then number of years he needs to get promoted:
Enter years of service: 2
Employee needs 4 more years of service before promotion.
Instructions:

An employer will promote a junior programmer to a senior programmer if the junior programmer has worked in the company for 6 or more years. 

Output:
Enter years of service: 7
Employee can be promoted to Senior Programmer.

If the employee has less than 6 years, out then number of years he needs to get promoted:
Enter years of service: 2
Employee needs 4 more years of service before promotion.
Instructions:

An employer will promote a junior programmer to a senior programmer if the junior programmer has worked in the company for 6 or more years. 

Output:
Enter years of service: 7
Employee can be promoted to Senior Programmer.

If the employee has less than 6 years, out then number of years he needs to get promoted:
Enter years of service: 2
Employee needs 4 more years of service before promotion."
24	"Instructions:

Students with an attendance less than 70% will have to attend summer class.
Write a program that asks the user for the number of classes, and the number of classes the student has attended. 

If the student has attendance less than 70% of the class, print out a statement stating the student must attend summer class. Otherwise, state the student doesn't need to.

Output:

Example #1:
Enter number of classes: 10
Enter number of classes student attended: 4

Student's Attendance: 40 %

Student must attend summer class.

Example #2:
Enter number of classes: 10
Enter number of classes student attended: 9

Student's Attendance: 90 %

Student does not need to attend summer class."
25	"Instructions:


Write a program that asks the user to enter an animal (cat, dog, rabbit, bird).

Using the following statements, print out the location of the vet:

If the user inputs the string Cat, the vet he needs to go to is in 17 Pillsburry Street, Central.
If the user inputs the string Dog, the vet he needs to go to is in 28 Valentine Street, North View.
If the user inputs the string Rabbit, the vet he needs to go to is in 97 Crayna Avenue, Kagone Bay
If the user inputs the string Bird, the vet he needs to go to is in 16B Droid Street, Chan Point
If the user inputs any other input, print out the message ""Invalid Animal!""

Example:
Enter Animal: Cat
Location of Veterinary Clinic: 17 Pillsburry Street, Central

Example:
Enter Animal: Fish
Location of Veterinary Clinic: Invalid Animal!"
26	"Instructions: 

Write a program that asks the user for 5 integers and print out the sum of all entered numbers using while loop.

Output:
Enter a number: 1
Enter a number: 2 
Enter a number: 3
Enter a number: 4
Enter a number: 5
The sum of entered numbers is 15"
27	"
Write a program that prints out the following program using a while loop:

*
**
***
****"
28	"Instructions: Write a program that prints out the multiplication table of  until 16 using while loop.

Output:
2
4
6
8
10
12
14
16"
29	"Instructions:

Write a program that prints out the lists of condiments using a for loop:

condoList = ['Ketchup','Mayonaise','Soy Sauce','Mustard']

Output:
Ketchup
Mayonaise
Soy Sauce
Mustard"
30	"Instructions:

Write a program that prints out the list of countries and prints out the number of words in the given list using for loop:

Hint: To calculate the number of words, use .isalpha()

wordList = ['Australia','Japan','Malaysia','Hong Kong']

Output:
['Australia','Japan','Malaysia','Hong Kong']
Number of Words: 4"
31	"Instructions: Write a program that prints out only names starting with 'J' from the following list using if statement.

names = ['Amanda','John','Joe','Carly','Jake,'Chloe','Brian','Jen','Tom']

Output:
John
Joe
Jake
Jen"
32	"Write a program that prints out the following using lists.

Output:
['1', '2', 'c']"
33	"Write a program that prints out the following using tuples.

Output:
('red', 'blue', 'green', 1, 2, '3')"
34	"Write a program that asks the user for 5 integers and print out the entered integers into a list.
A loop has been given to to guide you.

Enter number: 1
Enter number: 2
Enter number: 3
Enter number: 4
Enter number: 5 
[1, 2, 3, 4, 5]

Take note: To insert a number inside an index, we use append(). "
35	"Instructions:
Write a program that prints out the length of the following dictionary:

List:

dictionary = {""Colour"": ""Red"",""Food"": ""Cake"",""Number"": 5}

Output:

The length of the list is: 3"
36	"Write a program that prints out the message inside ""Read_me.txt""

Output:
Hello, you are reading me!"
37	"Write the following phrase under text inside ""Read_me.txt"" and print out both messages in the program:

""Python is an experiment in how much freedom programmers need. Too much freedom and nobody can read another's code; too little and expressiveness is endangered.""

Print the message with the specified format:
Hello, you are reading me!
Python is an experiment in how much freedom programmers need. 
Too much freedom and nobody can read another's code; 
too little and expressiveness is endangered."
38	"Write a program that reads Line 2 from the Read_me.txt

Output:
Name of the file:  Read_me.txt
Read Line: And Bingo was his name O"
39	"Instructions: 

Write a program that prints the product of two numbers entered by the user using functions.
A function has already been defined for you in the program.

Output:
Enter first number:3
Enter second number:4
The product of 3 and 4 is 12"
40	"Instructions:
Write a program that to check if the user entered an even number or an odd number by defining a function called evenOdd().

Output:
Enter a number: 5
5 is an odd number"
41	"Instructions: 
Write a program that prints out a list by defining a function called printList() if the user enters 'Y'.

If the user prints out another character that is not Y or N, print the message ""Invalid Character!""


Output of Y:
Do you want to print out the list? (Y/N): Y
B = [""Apples"", ""Banana"", ""Oranges"", ""DragonFruit""]

Output of 'N':
Do you want to print out the list? (Y/N): N
List will not be printed"
42	"Instructions: 

Write a program that create a class named Movie.
Afterwards, Have the program print out a, which is 15.


Output:
15"
43	"Instructions:

Write a program that create a class named Movie, use the __init__() function to assign values for character and genre:
Example from Chapter 10.3:

#Defining a Class
class Fruit:
  def __init__(self,make):
    self.make = make
 
#Class Instantiation
sampleFruit = Fruit(""Apple"")

#Print Statement
print(sampleFruit.make)"
44	"Create a class called Sunshine. Have the class print the message ""Good Morning, Sunshine!"" by defining a function called sun.

Output:
Good Morning, Sunshine!



Class Example from chapter 10.3: 

class SampleClass:
  i = 12345 #This is the class variable
 
  def su(self):
    return 'hello world'
x = SampleClass()
print (x.i, x.f())"
45	"Instructions:
Create a class called Dictionary. Create two functions :
1. translateFrench - It will take English word and will convert it into French.
2. translateEnglish - It will take French word and will convert it into English.
Any other numerical input - print out the message ""Invalid Number!""

A loop has been placed in the program to guide you.

Use the following words below:
Good night - Bonne nuit
Yes             - Oui
No              -  Non
Goodbye    - Au revoir
Thank you - Merci
Any other input - print out the message ""Word not recognized!

Output Example:
What would you like to do?
1. Translate from English to French
2. Translate from French to English

Enter Option: __2___ 

Enter Text: Oui
The English of Oui is No

What would you like to do?
1. Translate from English to French
2. Translate from French to English

Enter Option: __1___ 

Enter Text: Yes
The French of Yes is Oui"
46	"Instructions:

Create a class called Lists. Create two Functions:
animalList - contains the following list: animal = [""dog"", ""cat"", ""horse""]
fruitList     -  contains the following list: fruit = [""apple"", ""pear"", ""orange""]

Write a program that asks the user for 2 numbers. If the number is even, the program will print out the animalList. If the number is odd, the program will print out the FruitList.

Output Example #1:
Enter a number: 2
['dog', 'cat', 'horse']

Output Example #2:
Enter a number: 3
['apple', 'pear', 'orange']"
47	"Instructions: 

Create a class number SumofNum. 

Write a program that asks the user to enter integers by defining function Add(). 

The user is able to input any amount of integers until the user has input 0.

When the user types in 0, the functions will add all the entered numbers and print out its sum.

Output:
Enter a number: 2
Enter a number: 4
Enter a number: 3
Enter a number: 1 
Enter a number: 0
The sum of entered numbers is 10"
48	"Instructions:

Write an except statement that when the users enters a string, it will print out a message saying ""Please enter an integer number!"""
49	"The code for reading a file is given in the exercise.

Edit the code and write a try-except-else statement that asks the user to enter a filename the user wants to read.

If the user enters Hello.txt, it will display the text inside the file.

If the user enters the incorrect file name, it will display a message saying ""The file you are looking for does not exist!""

Expected Output Example #1:
Enter Filename: Hello.txt
Hello, World!

Expected Output Example #2:
Enter Filename: Random.txt
The file you are looking for does not exist!"
50	"Instructions:

Write a follow that asks the user to enter their birthday in mmddyy format.

Write a try-except statement that if the user inputs a letter, the program should print out an exception message saying ""Birthday should only consists of numbers!""

If no errors occur, it will print out the user's birthday.

Lastly, write a finally statement that prints the message ""Goodbye!""

Expected Output:
Enter your date of birth in mmddyyyy format:
For example: If your birthday is March 15, 1999, please enter 0315199.

Enter Here:  0315199
Your birthday is on 315199
Goodbye!

With Error:
Enter your date of birth in mmddyyyy format:
For example: If your birthday is March 15, 1999, please enter 0315199.

Enter Here:  March 15 1999
Birthday should only consists of numbers!
Goodbye!"
